This script is a automatic fishing addon to be used with Windower for
Final Fantasy XI.

You can report issues, get the latest version, and view the source at:
    https://github.com/svanheulen/fisher-windower-addon

***********************************************************************
I stopped playing FFXI (in February 2015) so I may not be able to help
with bugs but I'll try... So long as you can give me more information
then "it doesn't work"
***********************************************************************

=============================== WARNING ===============================
THIS CODE IS FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY. USING THIS CODE IS AGAINST THE
POL/FFXI TERMS OF SERVICE AND MAY GET YOU BANNED. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
=============================== WARNING ===============================

This addon doesn't actually fight the fish, it waits the provided catch
delay time and then injects a packet that tells the server the fish has
zero HP and you're pulling it up. When adding fish or bait, you need to
use the exact spelling and capitalization (quoted when spaces are
needed) the game uses OR use item IDs. If the bite ID for the fish is
unknown it will catch every unknown fish or item (but not monsters),
when you get the time warning, until it finds the correct bite ID. You
can also cancel a fish on the line normally at any time.

IMPORTANT NOTE:
Setting a reasonable catch delay is very important. This is the time it
will take to pull up your fish after you get a bite. Pulling up a
legendary fish 2 seconds after it bites is impossible normally and would
therefor draw attention from other players/GMs. Also setting it too low
will cause "lack of skill" messages. I would not recommend setting the
catch delay bellow 2 seconds even for fish that auto-drain instantly.

Fisher will automatically stop running under the following conditions:
    You reach the 200 fish catch limit for the day.
    You run out of bait.
    You run out of inventory space.
    An action is performed on you by a monster or another player.
    Your status changes.
    You receive a message from a GM.
    You perform an action.
    You change zones.
    You get a "You cannot fish here." error multiple times in a row.
    You don't have a fishing rod equipped.

To install this addon, create a folder called "fisher" inside the
Windower addons folder and copy the fisher.lua and messages.lua files
there. Your addon folder is most likely "C:\Program Files
(x86)\Windower4\addons". 

To load the addon, in the Final Fantasy XI input line, type:
    //lua load fisher

The available commands are:
    fisher fish ...
        fisher fish add <name or item id> <catch delay>
            Adds to the list of fish to catch.
        fisher fish remove <name or item id>
            Removes from the list of fish to catch.
        fisher fish clear
            Clears the list of fish to catch.
        fisher fish list
            Displays the list of fish to catch.
    fisher bait ...
        fisher bait add <name or item id>
            Adds to the list of bait to use.
        fisher bait remove <name or item id>
            Removes from the list of bait to use.
        fisher bait clear
            Clears the list of bait to use.
        fisher bait list
            Displays the list of bait to use.
    fisher start
        Starts fishing.
    fisher stop
        Stops fishing.
    fisher chat <level>
        Sets the level of detail for output to the chat. (default: 1)
    fisher log <level>
        Sets the level of detail for output to the log file. (default: off)
    fisher equip <on/off>
        Turns on/off auto-equipping of bait. (default: off)
    fisher move <on/off>
        Turns on/off auto-moving of bait/fish between bags. (default: off)
    fisher senses <on/off>
        Turns on/off displaying the name of hooked fish. (default: on)
    fisher fatigue <count>
        Sets remaining catches until fatigued.
    fisher stats [clear]
        Displays (or clears) stats about your fishing.
    fisher resetdb
        Resets all known bite IDs from settings file.
    fisher random <on/ff>
        This setting will randomize your casting, catching, and release time. (default: off)
        When set to on, your specified catch delay time will randomly be +/- a random number
        between 0 and 1. The cast and release times will randomly be + a random number
        between 0 and 1.
    fisher dncmax <count>
        This setting will change the maximum number of times you can receive the 
        "You didn't catch anything." message before stopping fishing. (default: 20)

Examples:
    //fisher fish add "Moat Carp" 5
        Add moat carp to the list of fish to catch and catch after it
        has been on the line for 5 seconds.
    
    //fisher fish add 4401 5
        Same as above except using the item ID of moat carp instead
        of the name.

    //fisher bait add "Insect Ball"
        Add ball of insect paste to the list of bait to use.

    //fisher log 3
        Enable level 3 message logging to the log file.
